Totality of rational points on modular curves - Tension between integers and polynomials

I met Sir Michael Atiyah at 5th HLF in 2017. After hearing what I was working on for my doctorate, he laughed and said "That's all child's play, you have geometry over function fields!" (he followed that up with telling me to think about 'Arithmetic Physics' for my career). I now see that he was right. 
In this course, I will endeavor to show you the simplest versions of ideas and connections of topics in the Title. Everyone is welcome!

1. Organizational remarks, Motivations, Projective line P^1_{k} as CP^1, S^2, Fq(t) and Q, Gauss-Bonnet formula, Grothendieck-Lefschetz trace formula

2. Point counts over finite fields, Étale cohomology with Weil conjecture, Practice of {Algebraization} via Grothendieck motivic classes

3. Rational points on P^1 over Fq(t) as coprime polynomial functions with << coefficients >> in the finite field Fq

4. Rational points on P^1 over Q as coprime integer numbers

5. Buffer class 1 - Discussion of Batyrev-Manin conjecture on Fano varieties

6. Basics on Invariant theory, Morse theory in AG via Stratifications and Algebraic stacks via Quotient stacks

7. Elliptic curves, Modular curves and Universal family, Automorphisms over non-algebraically closed field k

8. Elliptic fibrations via Weierstrass models as weighted linear series, Hodge line bundle, Discriminants, Reductions of elliptic curves

9. Failure of Valuative Criterion of Properness for Proper stacks, Tate's algorithm for elliptic curves, Stacky heights

10. Hom stacks for Morphisms ( Integral points ) and Rat stacks for Rational maps ( Rational points )

11. Geometry of rational points on modular curves via twisted maps ( Morphisms with Characters ), Minimal models and resolutions

12. Buffer class 2 - Discussion on Shafarevich conjecture for families of abelian varieties or algebraic curves over global field K

13. Arithmetic of Algebraic stacks over Fq - Weighted and Unweighted point counts, and Motives of Inertia stacks as Topology over residue field k

14. Height moduli spaces W^{min}_{n} of minimal weighted linear series, Vanishing conditions, Motives of strata with specified additive reduction 

15. Ambient weighted projective stacks of all weighted linear series, Minimality conditions, Rationality of motivic height zeta function

16. Motivic stabilization, PGL_2 stack quotients, Poincaré duality of W^{min}_{n}

17. Enumerating all minimal elliptic curves over a rational function field, the nature of lower order main terms

18. Buffer class 3 - Discussion on Mordell conjecture with Summary of Faltings’s proof 

19. Rank of E(K) - Discussion on Boundedness conjecture with Summary of Ulmer's proof, Distribution conjecture 
